#label                                        object          scene
archery                                       large           yes
bowling                                       medium          yes
brushing_hair                                 small           yes
brushing_teeth                                small           yes
canoeing_or_kayaking                          large           yes
catching_or_throwing_baseball                 small           yes
catching_or_throwing_frisbee                  small           yes
clean_and_jerk                                large           yes
cleaning_windows                              small           yes
climbing_a_rope                               medium          no
climbing_ladder                               large           no
deadlifting                                   large           yes
dribbling_basketball                          medium          yes
drinking                                      small           no
driving_car                                   large           yes
dunking_basketball                            medium          yes
eating_cake                                   small           no
eating_ice_cream                              medium          no
flying_kite                                   medium          no
golf_driving                                  medium          yes
hitting_baseball                              medium          yes
hurdling                                      no              yes
juggling_balls                                small           no
juggling_soccer_ball                          medium          no
opening_bottle                                small           no
playing_accordion                             medium          no
playing_basketball                            medium          yes
playing_bass_guitar                           large           no
playing_guitar                                large           no
playing_piano                                 large           no
playing_saxophone                             large           no
playing_tennis                                medium          yes
playing_trumpet                               large           no
playing_violin                                large           no
playing_volleyball                            medium          yes
punching_person_(boxing)                      small           yes
reading_book                                  small           no
reading_newspaper                             large           no
shooting_basketball                           medium          yes
shooting_goal_(soccer)                        small           yes
skiing_(not_slalom_or_crosscountry)           no              yes
skiing_slalom                                 no              yes
skipping_rope                                 small           no
smoking                                       small           no
surfing_water                                 large           yes
sweeping_floor                                medium          no
sword_fighting                                medium          no
tying_tie                                     small           no
walking_the_dog                               large           no
writing                                       small           no